RUMM-1945 Add Fastlane Plugin and GH Action to crash reporting doc (#751)
DataDog/dd-sdk-ios: docs/rum_collection/crash_reporting.md

Global.rum = RUMMonitor.initialize()
```

### Symbolicate reports

If your iOS error is unsymbolicated, upload your dSYM file using one of the following tools to symbolicate your different stack traces. For any given error, you have access to the file path, the line number, and a code snippet for each frame of the related stack trace.

#### Fastlane Plugin

> Datadog plugin helps you uploading dSYM files to Datadog from your fastlane configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog plugin helps you upload dSYM files to Datadog from your fastlane configuration.
```
